Career fiar in gymnasium 
Place where you can give resume and elevator pitch, hope they will later contact you 

You only have a couple minutes to pitch yourself, they have a LOT of people coming up to them 

Step 1: Have a game plan before you even walk into the building. 
List of people here: https://guidebook.com/guide/23695/list/532504/

Go to website, about us. Learn about the compnay so you can speak inteligently about them. Sometimes they'll ask what you know about the compnay. 
Make notes about core values of compnay, look at stock prices to understand some stuff about the history of the compnay. 

Get 10-15 tidbits about the company, prioritize it to 5. 

Candace FIllish, christopher smith **KNOW THESE PEOPLE AND TALK TO THEM AT CAREER FENTER


What to know about company:
What they do, what are their customers, where are they, how big are they, etc. 

Professional dress only. 


Contact career center ASAP for suit

Black navy or charcoal suit, 
conservative shirt and ties, 
modest ties only
Polished shoes
Neat haircut

What to bring:
Multiple copies of resume (more than the # of companies you are interested in)
Portfolio (leather portfolio that holds your resumes, holds business cards, steno pad, etc) (order from amazon ASAP)
Pen

Some companies will ask that you submit your resume online, this comes from doing your research before hand. 


Line time DOES matter, don't chat with others, watch body language, be patient
Approaching a recruiter:
SMile, handshake (firm), introduction with class standing and major, EYE CONTACT


Don't overshare


Elevator pitch 
(Like steve jobs steps into the elevator with you)


Sample speech:
Hello, my name is ___. EYE CONTACT AND HANDSHAKE. I'm a freshman in . I've taken these major classes ___. My favrite class was __. I did these things on campus.  Here's something Ilearned about your company. I"m interested in working for you. 


CAEO

Chin level
Arms and Legs uncrossed
Eyes at recruiter
Open and welcoming

Afterwards, send thank you email or handwritten note, send something that was from the convo. Restate interest in employment, check spelling and grammar. 





LInkedIn:

Bio should explain about you. 
Put your attention grabber as your 2nd line in your profile

Everything on your resume should be on your LI


TALK ABOUT YOUR VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

FOLLOW THE COMPANY YOU ARE APPLYING TO ON LINKEDIN


